NEVER SAY GOODBYE
Maya... Maya, come on hurry up.
The groom will be here at one.
Yes, I'm married and I also have a son.
But just to make it clear,
I keep my personal life
and professional life separate.
But our fashion magazine needs
a lot of time.
Your magazine does not need time.
It needs me.
Dad. Dad!
God, dad... And how did this break?
I'll teach you how. I will.
Dad, I'm getting married today and you...
What do I do, my son?
Before dying your Mom made me
promise that after she goes...
I should do all that I never did
while she was alive...
I'm just fulfilling my promise...
And what about the promise I made to Maya?
Can I fulfill that?
-Why not?
-Can we go?
Just a minute... just a minute...
This is from me.
And this from your Mom.
God bless you, son. Be happy.
What is this noise? I can't hear a thing.
Nothing... Nothing at all.
Just a small match that we won.
I'm so sorry. I forgot completely.
Rhea, I'm your husband
just don't forget that.
Tell me, how was it?
Fantastic. My last goal.
all that tension, excitement.
Rhea... Rhea, you should have been here.
But I had an interview.
You know what?
We'll fix up the next match after
checking with your busy schedule.
And if you have the time
just have a look at my five million
dollar contract.
Five million dollars?
Why? Jealous?
That now I earn more than you?
Not jealous baby. Happy.
Happy that your dream has come true.
Our dream, Rhea.
Yeah, I know. By the way,
I'm going to fetch Arjun from school.
will you please fetch Mom
from the wedding?
I completely forgot that...
What's the matter, Rhea?
You seem to be forgetting
a lot these days.
Today I'm going to part with my daughter
and get a daughter-in-law home.
It's taken her three years to say 'yes'.
She won't run away at the last minute,
will she?
No... No, she can't run away anywhere.
Yeah. After all where will she
find a husband like me, right?
No, our security is very tight.
-Who Suzie?
-Not Suzie. Give it to me, come on. Go.
They'll drive me mad.
all the idiots from New York--
-That scared me.
-Didn't mean to.
I'm Sam. And welcome to my humble home.
I'm Kamal, and this is my food.
Wow. Definitely a
Sardarni.
How did you know that?
Because I have been fed
and slapped by them.
I know.
I have heard a lot about you.
Don't go by what others say.
But all that's said is always
by others, Mr. Talwar.
Whose word does one go by then?
Mine. My word.
You are from Chandigarh.
And how did you figure that out?
Mom. What are you doing?
Just. Nothing.
No, I don't know what's taking
the bride so long.
You carry on. I'll come on my own.
Please don't mess the garden.
I have just cleaned it up.
-Are you the gardener?
-What do you think?
I think you have
stolen the bride's clothes.
Should I inform inside?
It's your wedding
and you are sitting outside here. Why?
Do you have a problem?
Not directly. But indirectly I do.
My mother has a problem.
The faster you go inside,
the faster my mother can leave from here.
You are a strange man.
You sat down?
Should I lie down and chat?
One to one discussions
always happen while seated.
Discussion?
Yes. I know you have a problem.
Why should I discuss my problem with you?
So, you admit you have a problem.
By the way, I don't take
advice from anyone.
But I'm always ready
to give advice to others.
You should always listen to strangers.
Sometimes they know better than our own.
Are you married?
It's five years today.
What did you think before marrying?
Who thinks before marrying?
Rhea and me, are friends from college.
So we thought we'd give our
friendship a new meaning.
Besides what can be better than spending
your entire life with your friend?
At times friendship replaces love and
then there's no space left for love.
By the way, the guy
waiting for you inside,
is he your friend or your love?
You can't take that long.
I have known Rishi since childhood.
After my parents died, Rishi
and his father have been my family.
What a sweet family.
But that's not the answer
to my question. Do you love him?
I do.
But not the way I thought I would.
like how? like in good books and bad films
That kind of love?
No. The way love ought to be.
That kind of love.
But where does it exist anymore?
listen to this.
'The sagas of everlasting romances
have gone past long ago.
Just learn to make do
with tiny love stories.'
Does that mean you don't love your wife?
You can't take that long.
We are happy.
We have made our little world together.
That's not the answer to my question.
The question here is more
about your life than my answer.
You are at a crossroad in life
where there are two roads.
One that leads to happiness,
which I think you deserve
and the other that leads
to an endless wait.
wait for love.
Which you may never find.
What if I find that love after marriage?
if you don't look for it,
you won't find it.
And you are definitely not finding
it sitting on this bench.
Go inside and get married.
The wedding is waiting for you.
and here you are sitting
with a stranger making small talk.
You should be ashamed.
What will people say?
Now go fast, get married and be happy.
Goodbye.
Not good bye.
Goodbye kills the hope of meeting again.
And who knows?
We may meet again.
Just like fragrance merges into breeze.
And fades away.
Intense moments, with time.
Have a way of seeming like dreams.
Who knows? We may meet again yet.
You should never say goodbye.
Never say goodbye.
They say time heals all wounds.
But in some relationships,
some wounds only get deeper with time.
That's the new fear that stalks New York.
Known as the Black Beast,
this dangerous criminal has kidnapped
yet another child from central Park.
No one knows if it is a man or a woman.
He's nicknamed Black Beast
because the criminal wears
a trademark long, black coat.
Police have asked parents to take
special care of their children.
Don't cry my, son.
Don't cry. I'm right here.
Sorry, sir. Please don't mind.
My Tinu here is just a little nervous.
He thinks the Black Beast
is going to kidnap him.
Why should I mind?
My leg's already broken.
Tinu, my small, fat little angel.
the Black Beast will not kidnap you.
To kidnap you he has to lift you first.
And have you looked at your weight?
My little fatso. Your son's not a child.
he is a bull... bull!
What?
And with God's blessing
even if he manages to lift him
he will die of a heart attack.
-Mummy!
-You mean she's still alive?
How did she survive
the weight of your father?
-How rude!
-Rude? You football field!
Just pick this football of yours
and leave right now.
Come on. Let's go.
We don't want to sit here.
Come on, go.
You should have asked before sitting.
And by the way, does your entire family
ever fit in a single photograph?
Should we go?
You know I'll leave when you want to.
What's the need to ask?
I just asked a simple question.
Even I didn't answer in French.
I'm going home.
Do you know the way home?
Yes, Dev. I know the way.
I just don't know you anymore.
It's strange. No one seems to have
a sense of humor this morning.
Come on, let's go. Together.
-What is it?
-The house will collapse if you clean.
Rishi...
-What?
-Take off your pants.
-Take off what?
-Your pants.
-Here?
-Where, then?
Come on, Rishi. Quickly.
I don't have time.
I know. I've always wanted to do this
in the kitchen.
-Now it's your turn.
-Why?
Why? Then how are we?
It'll be kind of tough.
Rishi, I don't have to remove anything.
because my clothes have no stain.
Stain?
Yes. Stain. A big one.
And you were all set to go out with it.
When will you stop being
my mother and be my wife?
When you stop being my child
and become my husband.
If I stop being your child
who will you mother, then?
What happened?
Nothing.
Since I can't have children of my own.
I should think of you as my child, right?
Come on, Maya.
You know that's not what I meant.
-I really don't care about that.
-Here. Take this. It's gone.
listen.
Tonight's the Sanderson Hotel opening.
-What time do you want to go?
-I'm not coming.
If I go alone everywhere people
will think there's a problem.
-I don't care about people.
-And me?
Look, Rishi.
This night life, events, parties.
I don't belong to that part of your life.
Then which part of my life
do you belong to, Maya?
Which part of my life
do you belong to, Rishi?
When was the last time we did
something that I wanted?
You want to clean the house.
This is great! You start something
and then don't want to pursue it.
Rishi, I want to discuss.
Diva is America's No.2 fashion magazine.
Thanks to you.
I just spoke to the London head office
and we think you should move there.
Yeah. So that you can control
all the fashion magazines in the group.
This will be the biggest move
of your career.
No, Jai. This will be a big move
for your company.
You are intelligent,
confident, beautiful.
Just one problem. You are married.
But anyway married or unmarried.
How does it matter these days.
It matters to me, Jai.
When I have said that we are not
organizing the party, why is he here?
He refuses to leave.
He says he won't go till we agree.
-What do you mean he won't leave?
-He's even threatening to sue us.
Sue. Who is he to?
I'll see to it.
But why?
You organize parties for the whole world.
Why can't you do it for your father?
The whole world hasn't had
two heart attacks.
Give some thought to your age.
What's age?
Just look at my heart.
Ask the beauties around,
they think I'm a rock star.
Hey, listen.
Why are you being so difficult?
It's just a simple party to be organized.
Here, listen to me.
Just give me a sixties setting,
the best wine
and a hundred beautiful girls. That's all.
And what do you plan to do
with hundred girls?
I want to know.
Why do you throw this party every year?
listen now.
Just organize this party
and my red Ferrari is yours.
If you think you can
buy me out by bribing me.
Where are you going, idiot?
Go...
Hit, Arjun. Hit.
I don't want to play football.
I want to play the violin.
What? You want to play the violin?
Wear a dress from tomorrow.
You will look perfect. Don't do that.
Just shut up.
Your son has lost the match again.
Looks like he's taken after his father.
Stop taking your anger out on him.
He'd probably have won
if you coached him well.
We'd probably have won
if you were here to boost our morale.
It's the Queen Mother for you.
Come on. Come on.
Mama, you have to be there for the
next match. You never come.
Next time I'll be there for sure.
Guess what?
Mama's got you a new PlayStation.
If they are selling some time
at the toy shop please buy that.
Arjun needs that a little more.
Tansen, I'm going to buy the tickets.
If you move from here,
I will slap you.
Let's go home
and I'll make you wear a dress.
OK, Tanya. Now listen to me.
Stay close to me all the time.
I read about the Black Beast this morning.
We never know where he might
be lurking in his black coat.
Now hold my hand. Is it clean?
Should we go here?
Or there? Who should I ask?
I saw you my beloved.
And it dawned on me how crazy love can be.
Me?
I saw you my beloved.
Here I come, Simran. Here I come.
Black Beast. When will they nab him?
Got you. I told you
not to move from there?
Then why did you move?
You kids have really troubled me today.
Specially you.
You know what I am going to do to you?
I'm going to cut you into tiny pieces
and put them in a mixer
to make Jamba juice.
Are we going to stand here all day?
Come with me now.
I don't know why children are born at all.
Why can't humans be born full grown?
I'm taking you to your Papa.
I won't let anything happen to you.
The next time you lose, I'm going to...
Give me a minute here. Come now. Run!
My ball!
-Shut up!
She's become the Black Beast?
But why are you crying?
I thought I was being kidnapped.
I don't have such good fortune that
someone will kidnap you.
NYC
EMS AMBULANCE
Arjun, tell the fatso...
all this is my husband's fault.
Your husband is the Black Beast?
No, he's just a beast.
Your wife is fine now.
Rishi Talwar.
Rhea Saran.
I run a small PR firm named Kamakaze.
I've been trying to meet you for a while.
It's not easy meeting me.
Trust me, it's even more difficult
to avoid.
My lawyer will speak with you.
And my lawyer will speak to you.
You. I know you.
Even I remember. We've met before.
Now I can't walk for a week
because of you.
I can't walk for life because of you.
What?
If I hadn't met you, my life
would have been different.
My pain would have been different.
And if I hadn't met you
I wouldn't have married...
Wouldn't have married?
ls that a good thing or a bad thing?
-Good.
-Good?
-Bad.
-Bad?
Are you happy?
-You can't take that long.
-Who are you to ask me all this?
You can't answer a question
with a question.
Why should I bother about your questions?
Why should I answer you? Who are you?
I'm the father of the child you were
running away with.
Don't you have your own children?
You don't.
Yes. I don't have any.
I can't have them.
I teach children.
I'm a mother to all of them.
Mother India.
Teaching children.
Running away with them,
Are you able to fill
your emptiness with it?
Because your life is empty. Incomplete.
It shows in your eyes.
Just like in mine.
Why did you take the trouble?
You are so considerate.
I'm beginning to feel pressurized
by your niceness.
Rishi Kapoor?
Goodbye.
No good bye.
Goodbye kills all hope of meeting again.
And who knows?
We might meet again.
Dev, no one ever wants to meet you again.
The doctor has said you'll
be fine in two to three days.
After that...
God. Not you. It's that...
What was his name?
Dev, he was talking nonsense
and did you see how
he was talking to his wife?
Maya, not all husbands
can be as good as me.
To keep my heart at your feet.
You?
Of course not. It's someone else.
What a strange question.
You? Who else will I be?
-Whatever... I'm glad you are here.
-Were you thinking of me?
Yes... I've been thinking
of you for a week.
listen all that I said that day
was because of the injection.
I'm married. And to think of a married man
in that way is a sin.
-You talk rubbish.
-Yeah.
I wanted to meet you to say that
the things you said to me that day--
Was true...
And the truth is always bitter.
You are bitter. Not the truth.
And who are you?
The Supreme court?
To pass judgments on others lives?
listen. I'm very happy.
Thank you.
You should think about your own life.
I'm sure your life is empty
and your dreams, unfulfilled.
That's why you keep searching
for the same in others lives.
Maya... Maya, just listen.
We are both alike, very alike.
I'm sorry.
We travel from the same station.
Both teach children.
Both of us are wounded.
It's just that my wounds show,
yours don't.
And can we discuss our sad lives
over coffee?
No, thank you.
My husband's waiting for me at home.
Well, even Rhea must be home by now.
Dude, what's going on here?
What went on is over now.
We were just passing by
and so we thought we'd just...
If Maya arrives now she will kill me.
Papa is going to kill me.
Today was the music class
so I bunked football.
No, my child. Nothing will happen.
I'll take care of it.
No, grandma he's going to kill me.
Why will he kill you?
You are learning the guitar
and that's a good thing.
Not guitar, Mom.
violin.
violin... I don't understand
why he is so scared of Dev...
-But Mom, you don't understand.
-No, darling you relax.
But Mom.
Shut up! Nothing's going to happen.
I'll tell Dev that you are not well. OK?
Why should we lie?
Now come on go upstairs and grandma will
give you a nice hot water bath.
Shit. Maya has come.
Please hide this one somewhere?
In my arms?
-Son, do you know--
-I know.
I know everything.
Everything? No. I think you.
Don't try to hide
from me I know everything.
Yes, I know. I saw it with my eyes.
Did you hear that? She knows everything.
Look at this.
And we were trying to hide from her.
Dad! Even you know?
What do you mean when did I know?
It was my idea to make an excuse.
Now the poor fellow is hiding
in the bathroom.
He's in my bathroom?
She is in my bedroom?
Don't go in.
Poor thing, she's not wearing anything.
What is she doing without clothes?
What do you do without clothes?
-I will not let him live. I'm going to--
-What are you doing?
I am begging. He's already too scared.
I'm going to him now.
-Why?
-To give him a bath.
So now you will bathe him?
That too in my bathroom.
The bathroom doesn't belong to just you.
It's mine, too. He will use it...
Both of us will bathe him.
How could you do this?
Aren't you ashamed?
But what have I done?
Please. Please! You two stop fighting.
I'm taking her to my house.
Why would you take her to your house?
-Because I paid her.
-She takes money?
Yeah. Nothing comes for free these days.
By the way what's the rate these days?
-Per day or weekends?
-Weekends.
Both of you have gone crazy.
No, Dev. You are crazy.
Look at what you are doing.
I can't take this anymore.
I'm sleeping with him tonight.
-Me, too.
-You, too?
Have some shame.
Look at his age and yours.
You look at your age.
Don't cross your limits.
What about your limits?
The two of you... both...
And she. I will not spare her. Rhea!
He was just inviting me
for his Dad's party
so that I can see his work.
It's just a PR exercise, Dev.
What about the flowers?
Rhea sent them for you.
And who is this?
This? This is your mother to be.
You thought I was having
an affair with Rishi?
What's with you, Dev?
You are crazy.
I'm crazy? I thought you were crazy.
I mean, what's happened to your taste?
The next time you want
to have an affair let me know.
I will look for the right guy.
After all, you have to maintain a standard
the great Rhea Saran.
Dev, don't try to hide your feelings
with your stupid sense of humor.
You were jealous and I love it...
Yeah, right!
This just means that somewhere
there is a little love left.
Yes, very deep inside.
Come on get ready. I'm ready to go.
You are coming wearing this?
No... I'm taking this off and coming nude.
No, Dev. Why don't you wear
the suit that I bought last week.
Embarrassed, that I'm wearing this?
Embarrassed, that in these clothes
I won't look like the rich and famous
Rhea Saran's husband?
But even new clothes are not
going to make me new.
Even I love the old Dev
but he is lost somewhere.
You are the one who lost him.
What are you doing, Rishi?
My wife's jealous.
I got some reaction at last.
God, Rishi. Stop behaving like a child.
Tell me something.
What if I was really having an affair?
-What would you do?
-Rishi.
-Come on. Humor me.
-Rishi!
OK. If you were truly having
an affair I would think, analyze
and try to find out why it happened.
And then I would discuss it with you.
Discuss with me?
Say that you would scream, shout,
or weep hysterically. Some drama.
Drama? If you wanted drama you
should have married an actress.
But you settled for a boring teacher.
So sorry.
God, Maya. You are so touchy.
-Then why do you say such things?
-I was just kidding.
What if I was having an affair?
What would you do?
What was so funny?
What do you mean what's funny?
You can't handle one relationship.
How will you manage two?
What's the matter, Rishi?
I can't handle a relationship.
I'm not a good wife, can't be a mother.
Since I have so many flaws,
why don't you leave me?
Both of us have flaws, Maya.
But the difference is that you always talk
about breaking the relationship,
and I talk about making it work.
Hasn't the size of Chandigarh
increased since the last time we met?
It's the number in your eye
that has increased, Mr. Talwar.
Hello. Aren't you going
to introduce me to your daughter?
Daughter? Maybe yours.
Saturday?
Yeah. I can't remember all their names
so I call them by the day I meet them.
-Who's that?
-My mother.
I'm Rishi's father in every way.
And I'm Rhea's husband,
in almost every way.
Do you like my suit? Do you like it?
Rhea, you look gorgeous.
Thank you.
I really think we should have that affair.
I know for a fact
that my husband will not object.
Neither will my wife,
as long as we sit and discuss it later.
Right, darling?
Oh, wow.
You guys have discussions at home?
In our case we have
to meet by appointment.
Do you know a good divorce lawyer?
I think these parties are organized
to touch other people's wives.
I haven't reached such desperate days.
Your stupid "Muwahs".
You know, I have just realized that
not only do I hate parties.
I hate people.
As far as I know, even people
aren't crazy about you.
Not that they are crowding
around you either.
It doesn't make a difference to me.
They are all strangers.
Even your husband?
Rishi...
Fair skinned faces
Moon lit faces
Dark long tresses
Sky blue eyes
Fair skinned faces
Moon lit faces
Dark long tresses
Sky blue eyes
They weave dreams
They lead you astray
Take away your sanity
They drive you crazy
They ignite a fire
Intoxicate your being
Rock and roll, my love
My heart sings for you
Rock and roll my love
come sway with me
My heart sings for you
Rock and roll my love
come sway with me
These lithe bodies
These swaying hips
First they attack the heart
Then go for your life
These flashes of lightning
These sorceresses of love
I have seen many and yet fall prey
They come and they go
At their whim and fancy
These angels these fairies
At a mere glance from them
The world can go crazy
And be at their feet
And yet these beauties
Don't know what love is
Rock and roll my love
My heart sings for you
Rock and roll
come sway with me
Rock and roll my love
My heart sings for you
come sway with me
Head in a cap and a red scarf waving
What do I say?
Fair skinned maiden
with a black strand on the face
What do I say?
These pretty faces
These beautiful women
They don't know what love is
Or what it is to be loyal
These stone hearted lovers
What do they care?
What we go through coping with them?
They are ignorant like strangers
What do they know about feelings?
They don't know
they don't care
That hearts can break with words they say
like asking for comfort from fire
Or fire from ice
We have spent out entire lives
Now we know what we lost
Wasting our time that was precious
Rock and roll
My heart sings for you
Rock and roll my love
come sway with me
My heart sings for you
Rock and roll my love
come sway with me
Fair skinned faces
Moon lit faces
Dark long tresses
Sky blue eyes
They weave dreams
They lead you astray
Take away your sanity
They drive you crazy
They ignite a fire
Intoxicate your being
Rock and roll my love
My heart sings for you
come sway with me
Rock and roll my love
My heart sings for you
come sway with me
Rock and roll my love
My heart sings for you
come sway with me
Rock and roll my love
My heart sings for you
come sway with me
You know, people always ask me
why I throw this party every year.
What's so special about this day?
The day is special.
It's on this day
that I met my wife for the first time.
That's why, every year, I celebrate
this day and also seek her forgiveness.
Forgiveness for each day...
when I chose my dreams
over my relationships.
Forgiveness for each minute when...
I hurt her and didn't even
bother to make up.
But, most of all,
forgiveness for
all those innumerable moments.
when I forgot to tell her
how much I loved her.
Assuming that...
I will have a lot of time to say so.
But I was wrong.
With her death I lost that time.
That's why...
always say
that time means now.
If you have to love, love now.
If you have to ask for forgiveness,
ask now.
If you want to hold hands, hold it now.
Or else years later you will find
yourself at a party like me
asking for forgiveness from your beloved.
Hey, Chandigarh.
Last night I encountered
the real Samarjit hidden
behind 'Sexy Sam'.
I liked him.
And what was the difference
between Sam and Samarjit?
Sam runs after girls and Samarjit
after memories.
I can understand.
Tell me.
How do you cope with your loneliness?
I spend time with friends.
I have very few friends.
Not from today.
So you will be my friend?
So, friendship means no touching?
What are your intentions?
The intentions are very noble, my son.
Just that I won't take dowry.
I'm anti dowry.
Mom, what is he saying?
-Sam, what are you saying?
-Kamal, what is he saying?
What are all of you saying?
I'm scared to come out of the station.
You never know what you'll get to see.
Not only the station, you should not get
out of the house at all.
The world is evil.
Sam, just a minute. Both of us.
Wow! So now it's 'us'?
Samarjit and l, are both alone.
We lost our love years ago.
And when two people are going
through the same phase.
They understand each other better.
They become close.
What they can't say to others,
they can say to each other.
Precisely.
Two strangers. Same situation.
Then friendship
and the problem is solved.
That's it.
Simple. Right, Maya?
My marriage is failing, Dev.
And from what I can see, so is yours.
I can't save my marriage on my own.
I need a friend.
A friend who will understand me.
who will make me understand.
Who is familiar with my circumstance.
And who can do this better than you?
That's why I'm here to extend
a hand in friendship.
Will you accept it?
I'm hurt, Maya.
I want to sit down.
And that's how two strangers
came together
to save their relationships,
and gave birth to a new one.
On that rainy day, neither of us
saw the storm that awaited us.
After that we met every day.
I don't know why, but when I was
with Maya, I was different.
I had found my lost smile.
We had considerably increased the business
of the New York cafes quite a lot.
We spoke a lot about Rhea and Rishi.
How wrong they were.
How right we were, then how right
they were and how wrong we were.
But in relationships, no matter
who's right and who's wrong.
Someone has to make the first move.
And we decided it should be ours.
This is a very interesting book.
It says don't look for your spouse's
faults in your marriage.
Improve your own flaws.
And what if someone's perfect?
Yeah, right. Anyway let's start with me.
Tell me all the things
that are wrong with me.
And listen tell me the truth. Be frank.
be honest or there's no point.
Alright, here goes.
You are that teacher who is...
Boring with no personalty.
You are a compulsive cleaner
to the point of illness.
Basically, you are a loyal maidservant.
What?
You don't have anything womanly in you.
You are not sexy.
Not from any angle.
Maybe from behind.
But no man
will get excited looking at you.
I know, your husband gets excited
but that's probably because
he is visually impaired.
What mean? Rude?
Didn't you just ask me to speak the truth?
But you could have said something nice.
But did you ask me to say something nice?
And what would you say if I had?
That your eyes are the most
beautiful eyes in the world.
But you didn't ask, so I didn't say.
You know what your problem is?
You don't know how to speak to a lady.
And you know how?
Yes, I know what to say to women and how.
So you are a lesbian?
I know because my husband says
the most romantic things to me everyday
Any woman would go crazy listening to them
-Right. Except you, of course.
-Listen. Do you want to learn or no?
Wow. This place has so many beds.
Maya, if you were so desperate,
we could have booked a hotel room.
Why have we come here?
listen, Dev.
I have no time for your sense of humor.
You have to learn a lot on this bed...
On this bed? What are the new things
you are going to teach me here?
Just so you know only my leg is broken.
All the other parts are perfect.
The situation is that
Rhea has come back tired from work.
Now I will tell you what you need to do.
Oh, yeah. I'm Rhea.
Rhea would say.
As soon as she came home.
Here?
Oh, Rhea. You are so beautiful!
Rhea... Your eyes... Your lips...
Your everything.
Your arms... I want to die in them.
Maya, Rishi...
says and does all these things to you.
And yet you don't... you don't...
Actually, you are quite sexy. Really.
You just need to show it to Rishi.
That's all.
-What's this?
-This is my sister.
-What?
-We were separated as children.
You need to wear clothes like
these for your husband.
No. Dev.
If I wear clothes like these.
I will look like 'that' type of a woman
Yeah. That's the type that men like.
But that looks cheap.
Yeah, cheap. Cheap is nice.
You taught me how to talk to women,
how to massage them, how to romance them.
If you want to learn how to be sexy,
then ask me. I'm the man.
Don't worry. This will protect you.
But this.
But not that. 'Butt' this.
Did you tell Maya about this last
minute football party?
You think she'd allow if I told her?
What have you decided?
I know it will be the biggest move
for my career.
But to shift to London is not easy for me.
I have to think of too many things.
Anyway, can we talk about this tomorrow?
I want to die in your arms.
Your ears.
Your forehead.
Your nose, your cheeks.
Your lips... all of it is blue.
Dev. If this was a joke then it really
wasn't funny!
Maya, here I come. Best of luck.
So what if we failed the first time?
We'll try again.
Try what? Marriage?
Not marriage. We'll try again,
you know this book says.
What are these books
that you keep reading?
'Fighting for your marriage' bestseller
by Anna Marie Lou.
You know, he knows a lot about marriages.
Of course she would.
She's married four times.
Anna Marie Lou is out to cheat you.
Watch it. Hey, one second.
Do you wanna fight for your marriage?
I'm not married. I'm gay!
Good for you.
You know Dev,
I have one more superb plan--
It'll be far from superb.
It'll be a bullshit plan.
Don't you get tired?
I'm tired. Saving my marriage,
salvaging relationships.
I want a holiday from all that today.
I want to do something that I want to do.
There's a big football match today.
I want to see that.
I don't have tickets for the match
and probably won't get them,
yet I want to see it.
Will you come?
O my heart my beloved
Just whisper in my ear
Which way are you headed?
What is it that you yearn for?
What is it that you seek?
All desires unsaid
All dreams unfulfilled
Spell them all out now
My beloved
What does your heartbeat sing?
Don't hide from your own dreams
Just whisper in my ear
Which way are you headed?
What is it that you yearn for?
What is it that you seek?
All desires unsaid
All dreams unfulfilled
Spell them all out now
My beloved
What does your heartbeat sing?
Don't hide from your own dreams
My beloved
On this path of life
On this path of love
You have set eyes on someone special
You keep questioning
You keep thinking
Whether this is the one you pined for
Yes, this is the one
She is the one for you
You are a thirsty traveler
and she is the river
Why don't you accept it and say it to her
All desires unsaid
all dreams unfulfilled
Spell them all out now
My beloved
What does your heartbeat sing?
Don't hide from your own dreams
Dev do you know day after is both
our wedding anniversaries
So I think we should do something special
for Rishi and Rhea. What do you think?
Maybe we should leave them.
That will be pretty special.
Maya. Maya, we will do whatever you want
to do. Leave them!
Your eyes have found their destination.
But your feet hesitate to take the step.
When your life does a merry dance.
Why do you shackle your feet?
Dance to the tune of love you fool.
Let caution fly to the winds.
Why would you want to deprive your soul.
All desires unsaid.
All dreams unfulfilled.
Spell them all out now.
My beloved
What does your heartbeat sing?
Don't hide from your own dreams
O my heart just whisper in my ear
Which way are you headed?
What is it that you yearn for?
What is it that you seek?
I'll take it.
Thank you, Dev.
By the way, I want to tell you something.
The head office
has offered me a promotion,
they want me to shift to London.
-And this morning I decided that--
-That you will shift.
And of course there was no need
to consult me.
After all who am I? I'm just your husband?
What status do I have?
I'm just here to applaud for your success.
This one decision of yours
can change all our lives.
But why would you think of that?
Because, Rhea Saran only thinks
about herself.
Her rocking career, her success,
her happiness.
I was just going to tell you that
I have refused the promotion.
After thinking about you, this family.
But where do you listen?
If you refused the promotion
what was the need to tell me?
Trying to show off your magnanimity?
I wasn't showing off, Dev.
I was baring my heart.
Do you have a heart, Rhea? What heart?
Arjun!
Arjun, stop that noise.
This is no time to play the violin.
It's time for you to sleep.
Arjun! Arjun!
Why are you venting your anger on him?
What has he done?
Don't you dare tell me how I should
behave with Arjun, Rhea.
I have brought him up.
Only l...
You had no time from your work.
Did you ever have time for him? Did you?
Yes Dev, I didn't have time.
No one asks men when they are busy.
When they have no time for their children.
Then why are you asking me?
Tell me Dev, how can you ask me?
Because the truth is,
that I'm the man in this house.
I couldn't be Arjun's mother
because I had to be his father.
So that he could have all the happiness
that a football coach cannot afford
to give him.
How did that sound, Dev?
It hurts, doesn't it?
You have only hurt me, Dev.
I always thought you hurt those
you love the most.
But that's not true.
You don't love me at all.
You don't love anyone.
You only hate.
You hate yourself,
your life and your failure.
And I haven't been able to figure out
what angers you more.
Your failure or my success.
I'm a failure. That's true.
But do you know, there's a greater
failure than me in this house?
Our relationship.
Our marriage.
Why are you so angry, Rishi?
What's the big deal
if I didn't feel like it one night?
Come on, don't behave like a child.
I have heard enough.
Maya, do you remember the last time
we were intimate with each other?
When, Maya?
When did we touch each other?
Held hands or embraced? Anything?
Do you remember?
When did we not turn our backs to each
other in bed? Do you remember?
I don't remember...
You don't remember
or don't want to remember.
Why? I thought you like discussions.
Our relationship cannot grow just
by sleeping with each other, Rishi.
It can only grow when we embrace
each other's sorrow and happiness.
And when was the last time
we did that? When, Rishi?
A husband and wife don't just share a bed.
They share their lives.
Do you think I'm the kind of man who only
feels the need for his wife in his bed?
To embrace each other's happiness and pain
one has to embrace each other.
And you have never felt that way about me.
'You are a child, you are a child,
you are a child'
I'm fed up of hearing that.
If I was truly a child,
I'd have broken down long ago.
I tolerate you because I'm a man.
Today you cannot leave like this.
You will have to tell me today.
The truth.
Tell me, why did you marry me?
Why?
I married you because I love you.
I love you very much.
But why did you marry me, Maya?
Tell me. Why did you marry me?
The truth, Maya,
is that you never married me.
You compromised.
I'm your life's biggest compromise.
A compromise that you regret
every day of your life, right?
That's the truth, right?
Give me an answer.
What answer?
You have nothing to give.
Nothing at all.
Not love, not happiness,
not affection.
You haven't even been able
to give me a child.
And Maya, I have never made you feel
inadequate about that. Never.
You just did.
Just did it, Rishi.
Four years ago, you said that everlasting
romances don't exist anymore.
Remember, Dev?
Will you say the same even now?
Four years ago, you said that
if I don't look for love after marriage,
I won't find it
What will you say now, Dev?
What will you say?
Answer me...
What are you and me doing at the station
in the middle of the night?
What are we doing, Dev?
Answer me.
I need answers to all these questions.
Where are you going, Dev?
Answer me!
Answer me, Dev!
18th March 2002.
You met me for the first time, Maya.
Since that day I have felt like
I have known you forever.
ls this the answer to your question?
Everyday your train leaves the station
at 4:32.
and mine at 4:21.
Everyday I miss my train
so that I can spend some more moments
with you.
Is this the answer to your question?
Everyday I leave you at the station but
your thoughts don't leave me.
ls this the answer to your question?
Maybe you've forgotten that you are, too.
Since both of us are married,
what are we doing at the station
in the middle of the night?
That's the answer to your question, right?
listen to the answer.
You are Dev's mother,
you will take his side.
I'm a woman before I'm a mother, Rhea.
And I know you are right. Nothing will
happen just because I think it is.
The situation is not going to change.
Things will only change when Dev changes.
Mom, please I'm tired.
I've tried enough to understand him,
to get closer to him.
One fine day, he just decided to step back
from the relationship.
He did not step back, Rhea.
You raced ahead.
You have to wait for him.
Why? Why is a woman always expected
to wait.
Because they are stronger.
And have you thought about Arjun?
I'm not the kind of woman,
who will use her child
as an excuse to back down.
I'm not that weak.
You are not weak.
Your relationship is.
You have to give it strength.
You have to give it time.
I will give this relationship nothing,
till Dev gives it love.
You are going somewhere?
Paris. For ten days.
To organize a few events.
Last night the things you said to her--
Last night I said a lot of things
I shouldn't have,
and a few that were very important to say.
Try to understand her, Rishi.
How do I understand a heart that
has no place for me?
That's not true, Rishi.
She loves you a lot.
Look into her eyes.
Who else can all that love be for?
I wish the love in her eyes reached
her lips once in a while.
Dad, everyday I tell her how much
I love her, has she ever said it?
Sorry, dad. I can't take it.
Not anymore.
Now?
Now what, Dev?
It was important to say
that we love each other.
So, we've said it.
And what did we gain by saying it?
I don't know.
But if we hadn't,
we would have lost something.
You know Dev, that this
relationship has no future.
That's why it needs to be abandoned
on this beautiful note.
Your train.
Not my train anymore.
I'm planning to stop traveling by train.
Your life is empty.
I can see it in your eyes.
Do you remember
when we touched each other?
Held hands? Anything? Do you remember?
I leave you at the station everyday
but your thoughts never leave me.
To embrace each other's happiness
and pain, one has to embrace each other.
And you have never felt
that way about me.
Since both of us are married
what are we doing at the station
in the middle of the night?
You have to tell me today, Maya.
Tell me the truth, why did you marry me?
Why?
Sometimes friendship takes
the place of love.
and then there's no place left for love.
The truth is, that you never married me,
You compromised.
Listen to the answer, Maya.
And what if I find my soul mate
after marriage?
Dev!
Do you know when we reached here?
I am yours and you mine
I'm wonder struck at this moment.
What can I say to you?
When moonlight has emerged in
the middle of the day
It seems awake yet it's dreaming
My lovelorn life
Intoxicated souls
Musky bodies
There's a pureness in the air
In this moment that we are in
there's so much color
Spilling out of our eyes
The blue sky showers on us
Soft silky rays of light
Do you know when we reached here?
I am yours and you mine
I'm wonder struck at this moment.
What can I say to you?
When moonlight has emerged in
the middle of the day
I was blissfully ignorant
Of this love that flows forth unbridled
True is this feeling
This feeling is called love
All else is just an illusion
My heart slowly hums
The melodious notes of love
Do you know when we reached here?
I am yours and you mine
I'm wonder struck at this moment
What can I say to you?
When moonlight has emerged
in the middle of the day
It seems awake yet it's dreaming
My lovelorn life
We were crazy. We were strange.
We were different.
Very different. Incomplete on our own
but so complete together.
We were not walking on the ground.
There, we had slipped long ago.
We were flying in the sky.
Talking to the clouds.
We didn't have a care in the world.
We had made our own world.
Our world. Maya and Dev's world.
The world of our dreams.
But then dreams always leave
when you wake up to reality.
Come on, drink your milk quickly.
-I don't want to drink it.
-Drink it.
I was going to ask you for advice
and I come to know.
that it's the same situation
in your house, too.
Every house seems to have the same story.
Will you stop this TV soap commentary?
Look, your son is mule headed.
He is not going to do anything.
Maya isn't at fault so she
isn't going to do anything.
Whatever needs to be done
has to be done by Rhea and Rishi.
Who will convince them?
What if they convince each other?
And why will they do that?
Two strangers, same situation.
Then, friendship and problem solved.
Remember?
But how will they meet each other?
Dad, what are we doing here?
I haven't bought you a present
in a long time.
So I thought I'd do that today.
It's for kids.
But to me you will always be a kid.
Mom, should I take this for Arjun?
Yes, take it. It's very nice.
It's fantastic.
You have very good taste.
It's a fabulous dog, take it.
OK, I'll take this.
God! What an awful red dog.
Just leave it.
Of all the places in New York
we had to meet here.
By the way what are you doing here?
We had come here to buy
a soft toy for my grandson
which he can cuddle to at night.
Even I was looking for something
like that. And I saw you.
Neither am I soft nor am I a toy.
So please stay away.
There are so many beautiful
things here. Red, blue, green...
Don't you think that was weird behavior?
Where are you heading?
Why are people so happy in New York?
Because they are not married. That's why.
They go home, take a shower
and freshen themselves.
Watch TV.
True. We go home to a sour face.
That likes nothing. That likes no one.
Not even us.
-But have they ever complimented us?
-Never!
All the time whine, whine, whine.
My God, how they trouble us.
How they sadden us.
-Mock us.
-Hurt us.
Why did we marry?
I know.
Our brains were not working.
You know what? We should be single.
-We are lying.
-What?
You have called me five times
since morning. What's the problem?
The problem is that
my work is that kind.
I never have the time
to express my feeling.
And I keep expressing
my feelings all the time.
So what's stopping you today?
Nothing's stopping you either.
Do you like diamonds, Maya?
Large, beautiful and expensive diamonds.
Tell your husband to buy them for you.
I have bought you flowers.
OK, I'll call him if you speak to Maya.
Why should I speak any longer?
I'm meeting you in five minutes.
Then speak to me
for four and a half minute.
Maya, I'm sulking
and you aren't even trying to make up.
Say or do something which
shows that you are mine.
Only mine.
It's gone too far.
I don't want to fight anymore.
If you want the same then show me a sign.
Just a sign.
Dev. You? Here?
Yeah, I...
just got out of the station.
And these flowers?
For you.
Flowers have their own language
they say so much silently. Right?
I asked for just one sign.
And got so many.
Where's Arjun?
He must have gone to his violin class.
Right?
He's quit the violin.
Quit violin? Why?
He thinks his violin
is the reason for our fights.
What an idiot I have given birth to?
There's no reason to say sorry.
There's no reason to quit violin
and there is absolutely
no reason to play football.
Anyone can play the football.
Even I can.
You can play violin as much
as you want from today.
Play it day and night.
I won't say anything.
Because now I have this.
We will make an eleven member team.
You play the violin
in the forward position.
Violin doesn't have a forward.
And our band will be called
Manchester United Philharmonic.
Rishi, all this.
I cleaned the entire house.
It took three hours.
The food's ready, really.
With these very hands I phoned
and called for food.
This whole weekend.
You and me.
All day and all night.
For hours, with each other...
discuss things.
Whatever you want we shall discuss.
For that night.
Sometimes you make mistakes in love.
Who are you talking to?
Sorry, I couldn't take your calls.
-Rishi was with me the whole weekend--
-Don't worry. It's alright.
I tried only once.
But I got 15 missed calls.
The numbers get dialed accidentally.
How was the weekend?
Very good.
I spent a lot of time with Rhea and Arjun.
It was fun.
We even went shopping.
Rhea bought a lovely dress.
-Rhea looked very good in it.
-Rhea is very beautiful.
She looks good in anything she wears.
So what did you do today?
Same as every day.
I had lunch with George Bush
and now I'm off for coffee with Madonna.
I don't know what your problem is
but I don't want to fight with you.
Anyway, I'm going out with Rishi.
There seems to be a sudden
love for Rishi?
So, Rishi is taking you to meet
the rest of his family at the zoo?
Rishi is taking me to the ballet...
Ballet? Where men dance without underwear?
Rishi likes all that stuff?
Not Rishi, I like ballet.
You like strange things.
Yeah, nothing
can be more strange than you.
-Dev, I hope you are well.
-I am. Why?
First the flowers, now the ballet.
Hey, Rhea.
Are you following me?
But I'm following your wife for sure.
So even you have come here
to appease your wife?
It's Dev's choice.
You look beautiful, too.
But a little less than Rhea.
Just the way you look a little less
handsome than Rishi.
Dev, you need to be
taken to the doctor tomorrow for sure.
What were we doing?
What were we doing last night?
We were playing with their feelings.
For the first time I felt hatred
for myself.
How could I do this to Rishi?
Feeling bad for him?
You must have felt guilty last night, too.
So what did you do
to get rid of your guilt?
What did you do?
Did you allow him to touch you?
Did he touch you here?
Here, here. Tell me?
You think I don't feel bad?
That my love spends nights with
someone else? But I bear it.
I can't bear it... I can't bear it.
You will have to.
Because our relationship is a dream
That shatters every time we reach home.
And that's the truth.
No, I can't accept this truth.
I can't bear.
I can't bear it.
I can't bear to see you.
You are mine. Just mine.
Then how come he has a greater right.
Your heart is mine but you have his name.
I can't bear it. You are mine.
Dev, what are you doing?
Marriage is a beautiful relationship.
It gives you that special someone
who you trust more than yourself.
Rishi, I don't know who's following whom.
But only you and me know
the real reason why we are celebrating.
Dance all night
Wanna dance all night?
Do you feel alright?
Wanna dance all night
Dance all night
Wanna dance all night?
Do you feel alright?
Wanna dance all night
Beautiful moments
Beautiful talks
Weaving these dreamy days
And dreamy nights
Melody of the heart echoes
The breezy song of the soul
And all the loved ones sway to the tune
So let's dance all night
The one I dreamt of
The one who drove me crazy
Today he is mine
Like the flower that I yearned for
Like the fragrance that I craved for
She has blossomed in my arms
The path is filled with fragrance of love
Intoxicated are all eyes around
Dreams weave a web around all of us
So let's dance all night
Dance all night
My story goes like this
The one who I yearn for
Has fallen for me
The queen of my heart
Has my story on her lips
Happy ending is in sight
I have got a sign
Life dances in mirth
So let's dance all night
Weaving these dreamy days
And dreamy nights
Who's house is this?
You know Kamaljit,
it's her birthday today.
So I thought I'd invite her for dinner.
If you are with me she will
take me more seriously.
Kamaljit?
Kamaljit. That...
Dev's mother.
Rhea... Who is it?
Many happy returns of the day.
So how old is Chandigarh?
-Beauty has no age, Sam.
-Really?
The next thing I know,
there'll be nude girls dances.
So you can join them, too.
Our wedding pictures.
You know what I am saying to Dev here?
Now that the vows are made,
I'll kill you if you don't stick to them.
When Arjun was born.
I have never seen Dev so happy.
Rhea, I'm leaving--
OK. Everything is set.
Dinner at my place at 8.
And yes you are invited, too.
But if you're busy
then we shall understand.
You seem to have settled down here.
Should we?
Can I have Dev back please?
I'm getting married.
To Kamal.
What?
That's the expression I wanted to see.
Sam, what are you doing?
Just joking.
You know we have to do something
about your son's sense of humor.
Smile, my son.
Smile.
You won't die if you do. And even if
you die, you will die with a smile.
At last there's someone
who can shut you up.
He is just talking--
Tell me Rishi, was he always like this
or is this change recent?
He behaves like a tiger now,
but he was a mouse before my mother.
Rishi, behave.
His mother was a very strict woman.
She used to say, 'you can look
but don't you dare touch!'
And these days there's no time to look.
It's not about rules, Mr. Talwar.
It's about limits.
It's very easy to slip in a marriage.
It's difficult to keep control.
I personally feel every relationship
should have its boundaries.
And I believe more the boundaries
more the chances of them being crossed.
Maya, you tell me.
What do you think?
Maya doesn't need to draw any boundaries
because her husband loves her too much.
Flattery. Flattery. When a man uses
flattery it only means two things...
Either he is lying
or he is hiding something.
Really. These days Dev is flattering me.
You think I need to worry?
You should.
Everyone's been speaking a lot.
About relationships.
But relationships are not about words
they are about circumstances.
No one knows why one slips
in a relationship.
Why one falls in love
outside a relationship?
No one knows.
Even I don't know why it happened with me.
But it did...
Rhea, I am in love with someone else.
I'm in love.
I'm sorry, Rhea but that's the truth.
And the woman I fell in love with
is right here.
It's Maya.
What happened, Mr. Talwar?
I was going to kill him before you.
What was wrong with you last night?
What were you saying?
You said whatever you felt like.
Did you think of me even once
while saying all those things?
Now who will answer Rishi's questions?
You. Who else? Just tell him the truth.
I don't care.
Tell him the truth? Then what Dev?
Leave the house?
And come to you? Will you leave Rhea
and your son? Tell me.
You were right, Dev.
You never know what you'll get to see
outside this station.
Let's go.
It's all so dirty. Not been cleaned
for so many days.
Will you have coffee?
What will you have, dad?
Coffee? No. This Rishi,
he just keeps anything anywhere.
He's moved everything around.
Dad, you'll have tea?
You never have tea. I'm crazy.
What am I saying?
Just need to clean all this.
You are late?
Yes. Too late.
I wanted to apologize, Dad.
But apologies are for mistakes.
What's the punishment for selfishness?
Tell me, Dad.
I'm a father.
I can't punish.
I can only advise.
Leave Rishi.
You don't love him.
By being with him like this
you are keeping him away from his true
And yourself, too.
These incomplete relationships will
bring happiness to no one.
It's not your fault, Maya.
Love and death
both come uninvited.
No one has any control over them.
He's going away.
Chandigarh...
We knew this was the end of our journey.
These were the last few
breaths of our love story.
We had to collect these moments.
and breathe a new life into
our old relationships.
It was time to go home.
We had to tell Rishi and Rhea the truth.
Because happiness can never bloom
in the shadow of lies.
No one knew this better than us.
Who else?
Rhea...
There's another woman in my life.
I'm not joking.
For the last six months.
But that relationship is over now.
Why it happened.
I don't have any answer.
But now...
I want to give our marriage
another chance.
Do you love her?
How does it matter?
It matters to me.
If I had to do what you did,
would you forgive me?
You wouldn't, Dev.
You would never forgive me.
You will have to leave this house.
Rishi, listen to me.
Listen to me. Rishi. Rishi...
How strange Maya, that you kept
cleaning this house all the time.
and today you have brought
in so much filth.
-Don't say that, Rishi.
-Then what should I say?
What should I do?
Celebrate?
Why did you do this?
I loved you so much.
More than my own self.
More than life.
But it wasn't enough for you, right?
-Right, Maya?
-It's not like that, Rishi.
Then how is it, Maya?
You know...
every morning I woke up
to look into your eyes.
To search for my face.
But now I will only see him.
And I will not be able to bear that.
But that relationship is over, Rishi.
This relationship is over, Maya.
Then I'll leave?
I won't stop you.
Rhea.
I want to say something to you.
Dev didn't ask me before stepping
out of this marriage.
Neither did you ask me
before throwing him out.
But my grandson's eyes ask me
whether I'm going to leave him.
I can't do that, Rhea.
So if you have no objections.
I would like to stay with you.
Can I?
Yeah. Got dialed by mistake.
Are you OK?
Did you... tell Rishi... Rishi?
Yeah I told Rishi everything.
What did he say?
He was very angry at first.
But with time I know he will forgive me.
And Rhea?
Even she will forgive me with time.
Yeah, Rhea, I'm coming.
Even I am at home with Rishi.
Be happy.
Goodbye.
All our relationships were
defined by this one word.
Both of us left our homes
and didn't even tell each other about it.
I had never seen
the hope of meeting again.
Die such a silent death before.
Your heart knows
And so does mine
That our roads
Are meant to part
Far apart
Though we will be
Please don't go away from my memories...
Never say goodbye
All the mirth in life
have slipped away slowly.
It's the pain that refuses to go away
Tried to wish it away
Tried to laugh it away
But the heart falls to find peace
Falls to find peace
Are these tears? Or is it cinder?
Just fire that flows freely from my eyes
Never say goodbye
Seasons come and seasons go
But the season of pain is here to stay
The shade of sorrow is so deep
That it will take a while to pale
It won't fade away
Who knows what's to happen ahead
Who knows what's in store for us to bear
Never say goodbye
Your heart knows
And so does mine
That our roads
Are meant to part
Far apart though we will be
Please don't go away from my memories
Never say goodbye
Do you know Maya,
that in these three years,
I tried hard to hate you.
To forget you.
But I couldn't.
I couldn't do it, Maya.
You gave up the house,
but the house could never give you up.
You were right. I was a child.
I could never understand you.
And that I realize today.
I have grown up, Maya.
I am in love again.
I'm getting married.
Won't you say anything?
I don't have anyone besides you.
Wherever he is,
he is with us.
He is with you.
I am being a mother
to my son after many years.
At this point I'm happy with this
one relationship and...
You don't have to say anything.
I'll be waiting. OK?
I know.
He probably forgot
that I was leaving today.
Rhea.
I have lost my right
to ask you for forgiveness.
But I don't want to lose
the right to bless you.
Rishi? Your wedding? What about Maya?
Maya and I separated three years ago.
And you here? With Jai?
Dev and I divorced three years ago.
But do Dev and Maya know this?
What's the matter, Maya?
Can't look me in the eye.
Can't face me.
Because you broke my heart? My home?
How could you break something
that was already broken, Maya?
Maybe you shouldn't have filled
the void between Dev and me.
But what could you do?
Dev's love is like that.
Ask me.
I know.
Don't be so large-hearted Rhea
that I feel even smaller.
I'm not that magnanimous.
When Dev told me about you I left him.
But I don't think you know that.
How strange.
The love that changed the destinies
of two homes today stands destitute.
I moved on. Rishi moved on.
The two of you got left behind.
Perhaps that's our punishment.
Such a small punishment?
Try living with Dev.
Then you will know what punishment is.
The girl who gets these flowers
gets a new life.
And new happiness. And I want that girl
to be you, Maya.
Your heart has been searching
for love for many years.
And that love is Dev.
And if you don't hurry now your love
will move further away from you.
Dev is leaving for Toronto.
And Rhea?
Even she will forgive me with time.
Aren't you a little overdressed
for the station?
It's been a while hasn't it?
I don't live here anymore.
And I don't live here despite being here.
Nothing's changed, Dev.
You still get angry at everything.
Anger's my own. Doesn't leave me.
Love can always leave and go.
What will you do if you find
your lost love?
What will I say now, Maya.
I'll just say 'go back'.
Just go.
Dev...
Only I know how I have
survived these three years.
There was not a moment in the day
when I didn't think of you.
But I used to convince myself
that you are alright.
That you are happy with your family.
I used to think of your happiness
and it would reduce a bit
of my unhappiness.
But today I realized
that you have been as alone as I am.
Yes, Dev.
Even I have been alone for three years.
Alone, just like you.
Why, Dev?
Why did all this happen? Why?
Why did we meet? And then part?
Why, Dev? Why?
Everyone shares happiness and sorrow.
I want to share my punishment with you.
My life may not be complete
living with you
but at least it will be a life.
Will you share this incomplete life
with me, Maya.
Answer me, Maya.
It's hurting.
Answer me.
I can't sit here the whole day.
Speak politely.
Now?
Now what? Fifteen days in jail.
What?
Yeah I stopped the train by pulling
the chain.
The foundation of a marriage
should only be love.
And nothing else...
Because if the foundation is wrong,
relationships end.
like it happened with us.
Years later, we found love.
We found our happiness.
But we just wish that,
the road to our destination didn't have
to be paved with broken hearts.